Homework 4 Part 1:
django backend link: https://mandm-reviews.herokuapp.com/api/
firebase frontend link: https://mandm-reviews.web.app/startpage
firebase frontend link to go straight to the main function of the app with a default user: https://mandm-reviews.web.app/addsong
You can use an already made user with the username: testuser and password: spaceship4 if you want for testing.  On the startpage there are links to register and login.  Hitting register will bring you to the page to make a new user, entering a username and password and hitting submit will add a new user to the database and then bring you to the login page, where entering a username and password and hitting submit will bring you to the addsong page, allowing you to add songs, delete songs, edit the name of artists with songs, and rate songs, all of the changes will be saved to the database online.
Limitations of app:  The sites are stable and work for adding new songs, editing artists names, deleting songs, adding new users, logging in, and adding new ratings, however based on the bugs of the previous homework submission, on the site you are able to submit as many reviews as you wish for each user, the average rating does not update unless the database is restarted even when new ratings are added, you are unable to edit the name of songs only artists are editable.


To access the Mobile app:

First, download the files. Open the terminal and begin a virtual environment. Navigate to the folder and navigate to the Backend directory. Install Django into this virtual environment. You will also need to install the packages djangorestframework,  django-cors-headers, django-rest-auth, django-allauth, djangorestframework_simplejwt. Install all of these with pip and begin running the server with python3 manage.py runserver.

Now that the backend is running, its time to get the frontend working. Open the terminal and run the virtual environment again. Navigate to the folder once again. In the virtual environment, run rpm install expo-cli and npm install expo if needed. Now run expo start. Follow the instructions, and the app should run in an IOS simulator.

When the app opens, it should give you an option to Register or Login. If you want to register, make any account name that you want as long as it is not in use. Once you have registered, it will take you to the login page. If you want to use a default user, log in as Test-User with password Spaceship4.

Now you should be on the main page of the app. This app allows you to rate songs, add songs, delete songs and change song data. To Delete a song go to the song list page and press delete next to the icon. To add a song, go to the song page and enter the title and artist of the song you want to add. If you add a song and go back to the song list, refresh and that song will appear. All songs have a default average rating of 0. To rate a song, go to the rate song page and type the title of the song you want to rate and what rating you want to give it. Make sure you enter an integer between 1 and 5. If you go back to the song list, if your rating changed the average, press the refresh song button to see the average. To edit a song, enter the song name and change the artist to what you want to change it to. When finished, close the app.